our skin flaws hiding your true beauty
introducing true cover redefined the
beauty breakthrough that goes beyond any
makeup concealer or foundation you've
ever used look how to cover erases
impossible to cover imperfections like
embarrassing acne deep facial scars
eczema psoriasis and rosacea dark
under-eye circles and even tattoos if
true cover redefined can completely hide
these large dark blemishes imagine how
it can give you all the coverage you
need no matter how minor your complexion
problem yet it still feels light as air
you'll look so beautiful and feel more
confident than ever all-new true cover
adapts to match your skin's pigments
seamlessly and conceals the look of any
imperfection without a trace true covers
secret is in the luxurious satin spheres
that blur any imperfection filling in
lines and wrinkles were smoother looking
skin while light reflecting pigments
give you a soft dewy complexion it
matches your skin tone so perfectly you
can't tell where skin ends and true
cover begins and once you have flawless
looking skin on your face use true cover
redefine to beautify your body to
how her skin looks perfect all over her
body but watch when she removes true
cover she's covered in tattoos and you
never knew amazing smooth way
imperfections on your décolletage make
hands look years younger cover
embarrassing stretch marks even disguise
large port wine stains with to cover
redefined you never have to worry about
it rubbing off on clothes because it's
smudge smear and water-resistant where
it's swimming or exercising it lasts all
day without touch-ups only true cover
redefines can do all of this so say
goodbye to embarrassing skin flaws call
now to experience the complexion
perfecting power of true cover redefine
choose from fair for porcelain
complexions natural for medium skin
tones rich for olive tone skin for
coffee for deeper skin complexion